README.md, before:

# Firefox UWP Style

A theme that follows MDL2 styling with the accent color and gray-on-black or gray-on-white elements.

## Install

Uses OS-level dark/light setting to apply the correct colors. This can cause color issues if you select a theme inside Firefox, to avoid them use the default theme.

Select the appropriate file:

- [Nightly](https://github.com/Guerra24/Firefox-UWP-Style/archive/refs/heads/nightly.zip)
- [Firefox 89 - 92](https://github.com/Guerra24/Firefox-UWP-Style/archive/refs/heads/firefox-89.zip)
- [Firefox 88](https://github.com/Guerra24/Firefox-UWP-Style/archive/refs/heads/firefox-88.zip)
- [Firefox 76 - 87](https://github.com/Guerra24/Firefox-UWP-Style/archive/refs/heads/firefox-76.zip)

Copy the content inside the folder where userChrome.css file is located into your *chrome* folder.

Toggle `toolkit.legacyUserProfileCustomizations.stylesheets` pref in `about:config` and restart Firefox.

## Customize

Toggle `layout.css.backdrop-filter.enabled` pref to enable *acrylic blur* in some menus.

### Custom CSS

If you want to change any rules use `customChrome.css` and `customContent.css`.

All the theme vars `--uwp-*` can be overridden, Firefox vars too but only if they are not set using `!important`.

### Accent Color (Only 88+)

If you want to override the accent color create two new prefs, both string type set to RGB Hex values.

`ui.-moz-accent-color`=`#FF00FF` Accent color

`ui.-moz-accent-color-foreground`=`#FFFFFF` Text color when the background is the accent color.

## Screenshots

![01](https://s3.guerra24.net/projects/firefox-uwp/screenshots/01.png)
![02](https://s3.guerra24.net/projects/firefox-uwp/screenshots/02.png)
![04](https://s3.guerra24.net/projects/firefox-uwp/screenshots/03.png)
![05](https://s3.guerra24.net/projects/firefox-uwp/screenshots/04.png)
![05](https://s3.guerra24.net/projects/firefox-uwp/screenshots/05.png)
![06](https://s3.guerra24.net/projects/firefox-uwp/screenshots/06.png)
![07](https://s3.guerra24.net/projects/firefox-uwp/screenshots/07.png)
![08](https://s3.guerra24.net/projects/firefox-uwp/screenshots/08.png)
![09](https://s3.guerra24.net/projects/firefox-uwp/screenshots/09.png)

Commit message:

Firefox Sun Valley Style (#31)
* Initial rework for multi-style support

* Initial Sun Valley style. WIP and dark theme only.

MDL2 checkboxes are broken.

* Update README.md

* Rework navigation view

* Context menus tweaks

* Rework checkboxes

* Style dialogs

* Style menubar, reset treechildren styles

* Style tree, about:addons and list items

* Fix mdl2 style, style privacy level expanders

* Style urlbar, fix categories in other about: pages

* Fixed findbar buttons, fixed some in-page context menus

* Radio buttons

* Progress bar, download dialog, app picker

* MDL2 fixes

* Light theme

* Tabbar fixes, saturate acrylic

* Alternative round tabs

* Edit Readme

* 1px padding to richlistbox so it doesn't clip

* Style other modals in new tab page

* Fix panels, update status-bar and fullscreen warning

* Fix mdl2 dialogs and newtab page

* Fix context menus size, fixed dialog in new tab page

* More context/dialog fixes

* .

* Fixed radio button border and disabled state

* Fix datetime-local, panels background and context menu border

* Don't style dev tools splitter

* Fix #36

* Hopefully fix #37 without breaking something else

* Fix FF 96

* Non-native notifications

README.md, after:

# Firefox UWP Style

A theme that follows UWP styling.

## Install

Uses OS-level dark/light setting to apply the correct colors. This can cause color issues if you select a theme inside Firefox, to avoid them use the default theme.

Select the appropriate file:

- [MDL2 + Sun Valley Style Firefox 89+](https://github.com/Guerra24/Firefox-UWP-Style/archive/refs/heads/nightly.zip)
- [MDL2 Style Firefox 89+ (Legacy)](https://github.com/Guerra24/Firefox-UWP-Style/archive/refs/heads/firefox-89.zip)

Copy the content inside the folder where userChrome.css file is located into your *chrome* folder.

Toggle `toolkit.legacyUserProfileCustomizations.stylesheets` pref in `about:config` and restart Firefox.


## Styles

### MDL2

The original 2015 UWP design. Follows MDL2 styling with the accent color and gray-on-black or gray-on-white elements.

Enabled by default.

### Sun Valley

The 2021 Fluent Design refresh. Features heavy use of rounded corners and smoother colors.

Create boolean `uwp.sun-valley`=`true` pref to enable.

## Customize

Toggle `layout.css.backdrop-filter.enabled` pref to enable *acrylic blur* in some menus.

### Custom CSS

If you want to change any rules use `customChrome.css` and `customContent.css`.

All the theme vars `--uwp-*` can be overridden, Firefox vars too but only if they are not set using `!important`.

### Accent Color (Only 88+)

If you want to override the accent color create two new prefs, both string type set to RGB Hex values.

`ui.-moz-accent-color`=`#FF00FF` Accent color

`ui.-moz-accent-color-foreground`=`#FFFFFF` Text color when the background is the accent color.

## Screenshots

![01](https://s3.guerra24.net/projects/firefox-uwp/screenshots/01.png)
![02](https://s3.guerra24.net/projects/firefox-uwp/screenshots/02.png)
![04](https://s3.guerra24.net/projects/firefox-uwp/screenshots/03.png)
![05](https://s3.guerra24.net/projects/firefox-uwp/screenshots/04.png)
![05](https://s3.guerra24.net/projects/firefox-uwp/screenshots/05.png)
![06](https://s3.guerra24.net/projects/firefox-uwp/screenshots/06.png)
![07](https://s3.guerra24.net/projects/firefox-uwp/screenshots/07.png)
![08](https://s3.guerra24.net/projects/firefox-uwp/screenshots/08.png)
![09](https://s3.guerra24.net/projects/firefox-uwp/screenshots/09.png)
